Warning WooCommerce vulnerability (#1247)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/woocommerce/introduction.en.md

If you already use WooCommerce to create e-commerce sites in WordPress, one of the most popular content managers worldwide, you can count on our module to add a trusted payment processor on your website or that of your clients.

> WARNING
>

> > Important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Important announcement
```

>

> > Attention: On 7/13/21, WooCommerce notified its customers that some of its versions are vulnerable. The necessary fixes were already made in the last update. Therefore, it is **very important that your store has the latest version of WooCommerce updated** to prevent exposure of sensitive information. More information on the [WooCommerce blog.](https://woocommerce.com/pt-br/posts/critical-vulnerability-detected-july-2021/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On July 13th 2021, WooCommerce notified its customers that some of its versions were vulnerable. The necessary fixes were already made in the last update. Therefore, it is **very important that your store has the latest version of WooCommerce updated** to prevent exposure of sensitive information. For more information, see the [WooCommerce blog.](https://woocommerce.com/pt-br/posts/critical-vulnerability-detected-july-2021/)
```
